Actually set maxBatchSize on EventProcessor (#52)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-azure_event_hubs: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.4

>  - Fixed broken `max_batch_size`configuration setting [#52](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-azure_event_hubs/pull/52)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed missing configuration of the `max_batch_size`setting [#52](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-azure_event_hubs/pull/52)
```
